README.md, before:

angular-ingredients
===================

A collection of reusable AngularJS modules. Initially developed at Udacity and maintained for the larger Angular community.

### Requirements
The current libraries expect that the following are running within your project.
- [Angular](http://angularjs.org/) (duh)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [underscore](http://underscorejs.org/)

In the future, we'll be removing our dependence on underscore, but for code bervity and

### Current Libraries

- validator -- A service to validate form fields.


## Contributing

### Additions

* All additions to the Angular Ingredients project should be well documented (using jsdoc or ngDoc) and have 100% unit test coverage.
* Each service, directive, etc. should be placed in its own directory, and be accompanied by a README file (Markdown formatted preferred)


### Bug Fixes

* If proposing a bug fix, please make sure that any added code is accompanied by tests that maintain coverage and addresses whatever it is that your awesome bug fix fixes.

Thanks!
:heart: The Ingredients Team

Commit message:

Add(Facebook): Add Facebook service for auth and posts.
- Also update main README.

README.md, after:

angular-ingredients
===================

A collection of reusable AngularJS modules. Initially developed at Udacity and maintained for the larger Angular community.

### Requirements
The current libraries expect that the following are running within your project.
- [Angular](http://angularjs.org/) (duh)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [underscore](http://underscorejs.org/)

In the future, we'll be removing our dependence on underscore, but for code bervity and

### Current Libraries
- Ingredients - the main collection of all libraries.
	- [validator](src/services/validator) - A service to validate form fields.
	- [facebook](src/services/facebook) - A service for both authenticating, and sharing on
		Facebook.
	- [mixin](src/services/mixin) - A service for adding event mixins to arbitrary objects.
	- [callbackList](src/services/mixin) - A service for maintaining callback lists in Angular.


## Contributing

### Additions

* All additions to the Angular Ingredients project should be well documented (using jsdoc or ngDoc) and have 100% unit test coverage.
* Each service, directive, etc. should be placed in its own directory, and be accompanied by a README file (Markdown formatted preferred)


### Bug Fixes

* If proposing a bug fix, please make sure that any added code is accompanied by tests that maintain coverage and addresses whatever it is that your awesome bug fix fixes.

Thanks!
:heart: The Ingredients Team
